Update TiDB Serverless limitations (#13970)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-limitations.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD026 -->

TiDB Serverless works with almost all workloads that TiDB supports, but there are feature differences between TiDB Self-Hosted or TiDB Dedicated clusters and TiDB Serverless clusters. This document describes the limitations of TiDB Serverless. 

We are constantly filling in the feature gaps between TiDB Serverless and TiDB Dedicated. If you require these features or capabilities in the gap, use [TiDB Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-dedicated) or [contact us](https://www.pingcap.com/contact-us/?from=en) for a feature request.

## Limitations

> ### Audit Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Audit logs
```

- Database audit logging is currently unavailable.

> - Console audit logging is currently unavailable.

Reviewer: Please add a note on https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-console-auditing saying that it is unavailable for serverless

Author: Thanks for pointing out. Looks like this console auditing is available for serverless. It's fixed now.

### Connection

- Only [Public Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/connect-via-standard-connection-serverless.md) and [Private Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections-serverless.md) can be used. You cannot use [VPC Peering](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md) to connect to TiDB Serverless clusters. 
- No "IP Access List" support.

### Encryption

> - Data persisted in your TiDB Serverless cluster undergoes encryption utilizing the encryption tool provided by the cloud provider responsible for managing your cluster. However, TiDB Serverless does not provide additional optional measures for protecting data at-rest on disks beyond infrastructure-level encryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data persisted in your TiDB Serverless cluster is encrypted using the encryption tool provided by the cloud provider that manages your cluster. However, TiDB Serverless does not provide any additional optional measures for protecting data at-rest on disks beyond infrastructure-level encryption.
```

- Using [customer-managed encryption keys (CMEK)](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-encrypt-cmek.md) is currently unavailable.

### Maintenance window

- [Maintenance window](/tidb-cloud/configure-maintenance-window.md) is currently unavailable.

> ### Monitoring and Diagnosis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitoring and diagnosis
```

- [Third-party Monitoring integrations](/tidb-cloud/third-party-monitoring-integrations.md) are currently unavailable.
- [Built-in Alerting](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-alerting.md) is currently unavailable.

> - [Key Visualizer](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#key-visualizer) is currently unavailable.

Reviewer: Is [Index Insight](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tune-performance#index-insight-beta) available for Serverless? Its doc says **only available for Dedicated**.

Author: Added
In addition,  [Cluster Events](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-events) is unavailable as well.

### Self-service upgrades

> - TiDB Serverless is a fully managed deployment of TiDB. Major and minor version upgrades of TiDB are handled by TiDB Cloud, therefore can not be initiated by users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TiDB Serverless is a fully managed deployment of TiDB. Major and minor version upgrades of TiDB are handled by TiDB Cloud and therefore cannot be initiated by users.
```

### Stream data

* [Changefeed](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-overview.md) is not supported for TiDB Serverless currently.
* [Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md) is not supported for TiDB Serverless currently.

### Others

- [Time to live (TTL)](/time-to-live.md) is currently unavailable.

> - Transaction can not last longer than 30m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transaction can not last longer than 30 minutes.
```

> - [Limited SQL features](/tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features.md) for more details about SQL limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more details about SQL limitations, refer to [Limited SQL Features](/tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features.md).
```
